every year the Christmas season at the
Smith house begins with setting up the
Christmas tree here we see mom in the
garage digging out the family tree it is
an artificial tree that was made in a
Chinese workshop by people making about
a hundred dollars a month it's a small
sum considering all the joy their
products bring and the hazardous
chemicals they handle while making these
trees when mom gets the tree into the
house
little Billy and Susie excitedly rush
into the living room to help mom set it
up be careful kids the tree is covered
in unhealthy dust because it was made
with PVC which contains lead that are
put on your holiday masks and gloves
we don't want Billy and Susie to inhale
that nasty dust lead poisoning is no
laughing matter okay that's much better
now it's time to set up the tree
assembling this tree is such fun for
everyone
Wow it looks great now it's time to
decorate hey Billy here's an interesting
fact did you know that one of the first
artificial trees was made by the Addis
Brush Company they originally made
toilet brushes boy I bet that tree looks
well ah looks like little Susie's plum
tucker from setting up the tree the poor
little thing has no energy to decorate
but no problem mom and Billy's seem to
be going strong well mom is at least
one final touch not the garland but
caution tape to warn anyone not wearing
a mask to stay back from this holiday
mainstay so make the best of this
Christmas season but don't get a real
tree just dig out your a toxic
artificial tree and have a holly jolly
holiday